streamOpenWrite       stream
streamOpenRead        stream
streamClose           stream
streamInqFiletype     stream
streamDefByteorder    stream
streamInqByteorder    stream
streamDefVlist        stream
streamInqVlist        stream
streamDefTimestep     stream
streamInqTimestep     stream
streamWriteVar        stream_write
streamWriteVarF       stream_write
streamWriteVarSlice   stream_write
streamWriteVarSliceF  stream_write
streamReadVar         stream_read
streamReadVarF        stream_read
streamReadVarSlice    stream_read
streamReadVarSliceF   stream_read
 streamDefRecord       stream_record
 streamInqRecord       stream_record
 streamWriteRecord     stream_record
 streamReadRecord      stream_record
 streamCopyRecord      stream_record
vlistCreate           vlist
vlistDestroy          vlist
vlistCopy             vlist
vlistDuplicate        vlist
vlistCat              vlist
vlistCopyFlag         vlist
vlistNvars            vlist
vlistNgrids           vlist
vlistNzaxis           vlist
vlistDefTaxis         vlist
vlistInqTaxis         vlist
vlistDefVar           vlist_var
vlistInqVarGrid       vlist_var
vlistInqVarZaxis      vlist_var
vlistInqVarTsteptype  vlist_var
vlistDefVarCode       vlist_var
vlistInqVarCode       vlist_var
vlistDefVarDatatype   vlist_var
vlistInqVarDatatype   vlist_var
vlistDefVarMissval    vlist_var
vlistInqVarMissval    vlist_var
cdiDefKeyString       cdi_key
cdiInqKeyString       cdi_key
cdiDefKeyInt          cdi_key
cdiInqKeyInt          cdi_key
cdiDefKeyFloat        cdi_key
cdiInqKeyFloat        cdi_key
cdiDefKeyBytes        cdi_key
cdiInqKeyBytes        cdi_key
cdiInqNatts           cdi_att
cdiInqAtt             cdi_att
cdiDelAtt             cdi_att
cdiDefAttTxt          cdi_att
cdiInqAttTxt          cdi_att
cdiDefAttInt          cdi_att
cdiInqAttInt          cdi_att
cdiDefAttFlt          cdi_att
cdiInqAttFlt          cdi_att
gridCreate            grid
gridDestroy           grid
gridDuplicate         grid
 gridIsCyclic          grid
 gridIsRotated         grid
gridInqType           grid
gridInqSize           grid
gridDefXsize          grid
gridInqXsize          grid
gridDefYsize          grid
gridInqYsize          grid
gridDefNP             grid
gridInqNP             grid
gridDefXvals          grid
gridInqXvals          grid
gridDefYvals          grid
gridInqYvals          grid
gridDefXbounds        grid
gridInqXbounds        grid
gridDefYbounds        grid
gridInqYbounds        grid
zaxisCreate           zaxis
zaxisDestroy          zaxis
 zaxisDuplicate        zaxis
zaxisInqType          zaxis
zaxisInqSize          zaxis
zaxisDefLevels        zaxis
zaxisInqLevels        zaxis
zaxisInqLevel         zaxis
 zaxisDefLbounds       zaxis
 zaxisDefUbounds       zaxis
 zaxisInqLbounds       zaxis
 zaxisInqUbounds       zaxis
 zaxisDefVct           zaxis
 zaxisInqVctSize       zaxis
 zaxisInqVct           zaxis
taxisCreate           taxis
taxisDestroy          taxis
 taxisDuplicate        taxis
taxisDefRdate         taxis
taxisInqRdate         taxis
taxisDefRtime         taxis
taxisInqRtime         taxis
taxisDefVdate         taxis
taxisInqVdate         taxis
taxisDefVtime         taxis
taxisInqVtime         taxis
taxisDefCalendar      taxis
taxisInqCalendar      taxis
